Create Rule “chat-gpt-can-fix-errors/rule” (#4938)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/chatgpt-can-fix-errors/rule.md

---
type: rule
title: Do you use ChatGPT to solve errors?
uri: chatgpt-can-fix-errors
authors:
  - title: Adam Cogan
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/adam-cogan
  - title: Piers Sinclair
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/piers-sinclair
created: 2023-02-09T09:57:35.077Z
guid: 46827b4d-9efb-4783-8ade-e23068242c20
---
Sometimes, a developer runs into a complex error and they start googling all over the internet to fix the issue. In strange or unlucky cases this can result in hours of searching.

> ChatGPT helps smooth this process. Simply paste the error into ChatGPT and it will compile instant feedback about the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ChatGPT helps smooth this process. Simply paste the error into ChatGPT and it will give you instant feedback about the problem.
```
